0.0.2.4 (02/01/2019)
Please note that this update is not available through the Chrome webstore yet. 
 
Changes:
  Dismiss function can now be handled by Kinjamprove. 
  Staff comment color now takes priority over staff curated color.
  Displayed load time is now more accurate.

Fixes:
  Updated API calls for a variety of functions. Posting, liking, flagging, and following should all work again.


  
0.0.2.3 (01/21/2019)

Kinja has been making changes to their API recently, so please report any issues.

Fixes: 
  Updated API call for retrieving staff curated comments list. This was preventing comments from loading on
  any article with staff comments.


0.0.2.2 (01/19/2019)

Fixes:
  Resolved issue with replying to base article. (This one was my fault, sorry)
  More consistent checks for if the user is logged in.
	

0.0.2.1 (01/19/2019)

Fixes: 
  Resolved issue with posting new comments. (API return values had changed)
  Comment editor will show properly when canceling and reopening the editor on the same post.
  Minor changes to the way links display.
  

0.0.2.0 (01/16/2019)

New:
  Check for new posts
    A new button has been added to the footer to save the time of the most recent post on an article. Once saved, the next 
    time you visit that article, all new posts since the saved time will be marked and filtered for by default. Articles
    you have saved will be listed in the Options page, where they can be removed individually or all at once.
    *Due to storage limits, only information on the newest 35 articles will be synced. The rest are only stored locally.*
    In addition, new comments will also be highlighted and filtered for when hitting the reload button. This will not
    save article information for future visits.

  Filter for specified author
    Added to the footer is a list of all authors who have commented on an article. Selecting an author and hitting the
    "Select" button will create and display a filter for all of that author's posts. The same will occur when clicking the
    "Replies from author" link in any post.

  Basic support for blog staff actions in the comment dropdown menu (Follow for blog, unfollow for blog, block for blog).
    *To see the full effect of these actions, it will be necessary to wait for Kinja to update (which usually takes a few minutes) 
    and reload the page*

  Added color sidebar for customization of border and highlight colors.
  Icon popup has new buttons for opening the extension options and showing the color panel.

Changes:
  Reduced permissions.
  Highlight on click changed to a background color, is more specific on when it triggers.
    *e.g. Probably won't fire on double-click or when you're hightlighting text.
  Followed users will update on the fly.

Fixes:
  Better fix for timeout issues.
  Better checking for permalinked comments.
  Posts will no longer show as having hidden approved posts when those posts are already visible.

Known Issues:
  Spinner doesn't always show when it should.
  Dismissing comments still requires a workaround.


0.0.1.9 (12/20/2018)

New: 
Added options to change minimum number of comments loaded and to default to community filter. 
  Right-click on the Kinjamprove icon and select options to change these and other settings.

Fixes: 
Switching between filters should now work properly.
Fixed timeout issues. Kinjamprove should load more consistently now, especially when loaded in a non-active tab.
Replaced alert on timeout with discussion region notification.
Clicking on parent comment link should take you to the proper location.

Known issues:
Spinner should show while loading.
Need a better workaround for dismissing comments.
Following doesn't update on the fly yet.
Need to add blog-specific dropdown items. (Follow for blog, block for blog)
If a post has both approved and pending replies, and the pending replies are hidden, the post will display 
having hidden approved replies, even if they're already shown.



0.0.1.8 (12/17/2018)

This version represents a major redesign for Kinjamprove. Numerous changes and improvements have been made.

New filters have been added for staff, user, followed, liked, and flagged comments. How these work is that
they show threads up to the filtered comments. The pending switch will not be honored if, for instance, your 
own replies to the thread are still pending. Replies not directly leading to the filtered comments will not 
be displayed. In addition, when using the community filter, your own comments and those made by users you've
followed will always be shown even if they are pending.

If a comment has replies which are not shown due to the selected filter or pending comments being turned off,
links will display at the bottom of the post which will allow you to expand hidden replies, one level at a time.

The scrolling footer has been replaced with buttons on the bottom left which will scroll you to the top of the
comments section or to the top of the post. This system will probably be expanded in the future to allow you
to quickly scroll to the next filtered/marked post.

Comments from the user are now marked blue, staff curated posts are purple, staff member posts are green, 
followed user posts are orange. Clicking on any post will highlight its border. This feature may be expanded
in later versions to allow saving of highlighted posts.

Additionally, the extension will now disable infinite scrolling on Kinja sites. Depending on feedback, an
option to re-enable this may be added.

If you have any questions, comments, bug reports, or ideas for new features, please contact me.

Fixed: 
Works with Chrome 71+.
Should now work properly when not logged in.

Removed:
Google Analytics code was removed as it wasn't being used.


Known issues:
Clicking on parent reply link doesn't take you to the parent comment.
Need a better workaround for dismissing comments.
Following doesn't update on the fly yet.
Need to add blog-specific dropdown items. (Follow for blog, block for blog)

